# Code Book
This document describes the variables in the tidy file ("Tidy.txt") generated by running the "run_analysis.R" script. The tidy file is based on the data found in ([Samsung]).

## Samsung
The following public data was generated by 30 people each carrying a "Samsung Galaxy S II" device while performing one of six types of activities. The data can be found here.

* https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones
* https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/00240/UCI%20HAR%20Dataset.names

## Key Variables
* **subject**: an integer from 1 to 30 representing the subject (person) on which the experiment was performed.
* **activity**: an integer from 1 to 6 representing the type of experiment performed by the subject.
* **activityname**: the corresponding name of the activity.

### Activities
1. WALKING
2. WALKING_UPSTAIRS
3. WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
4. SITTING
5. STANDING
6. LAYING


## Value Variables
The following floating-point variables represent the averages of the corresponding variables found in the "Samsung" data. For example, the "tBodyAcc-std()-Z" variable represents the mean of the standard deviation of the body acceleration on the Z-axis. Although the mean of the standard deviation has questionable interpretation, it is a project requirement.

* **tBodyAcc-mean()-X**: 
* **tBodyAcc-mean()-Y**: 
* **tBodyAcc-mean()-Z**: 
* **tBodyAcc-std()-X**: 
* **tBodyAcc-std()-Y**: 
* **tBodyAcc-std()-Z**: 
* **tGravityAcc-mean()-X**: 
* **tGravityAcc-mean()-Y**: 
* **tGravityAcc-mean()-Z**: 
* **tGravityAcc-std()-X**: 
* **tGravityAcc-std()-Y**: 
* **tGravityAcc-std()-Z**: 
* **tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X**: 
* **tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y**: 
* **tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z**: 
* **tBodyAccJerk-std()-X**: 
* **tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y**: 
* **tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z**: 
* **tBodyGyro-mean()-X**: 
* **tBodyGyro-mean()-Y**: 
* **tBodyGyro-mean()-Z**: 
* **tBodyGyro-std()-X**: 
* **tBodyGyro-std()-Y**: 
* **tBodyGyro-std()-Z**: 
* **tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X**: 
* **tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y**: 
* **tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z**: 
* **tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X**: 
* **tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y**: 
* **tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z**: 
* **tBodyAccMag-mean()**: 
* **tBodyAccMag-std()**: 
* **tGravityAccMag-mean()**: 
* **tGravityAccMag-std()**: 
* **tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()**: 
* **tBodyAccJerkMag-std()**: 
* **tBodyGyroMag-mean()**: 
* **tBodyGyroMag-std()**: 
* **tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()**: 
* **tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()**: 
* **fBodyAcc-mean()-X**: 
* **fBodyAcc-mean()-Y**: 
* **fBodyAcc-mean()-Z**: 
* **fBodyAcc-std()-X**: 
* **fBodyAcc-std()-Y**: 
* **fBodyAcc-std()-Z**: 
* **fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X**: 
* **fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y**: 
* **fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-std()-X**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y**: 
* **fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z**: 
* **fBodyGyro-mean()-X**: 
* **fBodyGyro-mean()-Y**: 
* **fBodyGyro-mean()-Z**: 
* **fBodyGyro-std()-X**: 
* **fBodyGyro-std()-Y**: 
* **fBodyGyro-std()-Z**: 
* **fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X**: 
* **fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y**: 
* **fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z**: 
* **fBodyAccMag-mean()**: 
* **fBodyAccMag-std()**: 
* **fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()**: 
* **fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()**: 
* **fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()**: 
* **fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()**: 
* **fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()**: 
* **fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()**: 
* **fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()**: 
* **fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()**: 
* **fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()**: 
* **fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()**: 